[theme tune intro playing]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
CODE EARTH
I'm sure it's gonna work this time.
Time for Plan Alpha.
[phone ringing]
Yumi? Yumi, it's me.
Okay, I just launched Plan Alpha.
My five dry runs have all worked.
[Yumi] Okay, tomorrow,
I'll talk to my parents.
That's great. I'll tell Odd and Ulrich.
-[Yumi] See you tomorrow.
-[beep]
[Jeremy hums to himself]
[sighs]
[dreamy music]
[digital whirring]
[Aelita echoing] Jeremy?
Can you hear me, Jeremy?
Jeremy, wake up.
[Jeremy grunts]
[Aelita echoing] Jeremy.
[echoing] Uh... Aelita.
[Aelita gasps]
[both gasping]
[gulps]
[gulping]
[slurping]
Mom and Dad,
can I talk to you for a second?
It's about my pen pal.
[chuckles nervously]
You haven't changed your mind
about her living here for a while?
No, but tell us a little about her, Yumi.
We don't even know her name.
Aelita.
-Aelita what?
-It's Aelita... [dithers]
Lyoko.
Is she Japanese?
Well... [dithers]
Yes, she is.
What do her parents do, dear?
[dithers] They...
They work with computers.
[Ms. Ishiyama nods]
Well, all right then.
She's welcome to stay with us.
That's fantastic! I adore you!
[Yumi rejoices]
You won't regret it. She's really so nice.
Bye now. See you tonight.
[Mr. and Ms. Ishiyama chuckling]
[theme music]
Very well then.
What is your cousin's name, Odd?
Aelita.
Hmm. Aelita.
And, where does she come from?
She's from Holland.
Hmm.
Well, her papers are in order
and your parents
have recommended her highly.
So, I see no reason why
she can't attend school here.
Let me know when she arrives.
-[Odd laughs] Yes!
-[Ulrich] Great!
[both laughing]
[Odd] Fantastic!
-[Odd chuckling]
-[Ulrich grunts]
Okay, what are you two up to, huh?
[Odd titters nervously]
You know this building
is off limits to students,
especially at eight in the morning.
We had an appointment
with the principal, Jim,
about Odd's cousin attending school.
Oh, what a lame excuse.
[laughs]
What do you think I am, huh, an idiot?
-Well...
-Quiet!
Yeah, and I'll bet you think I'm not
onto your pranks with Jeremy and Yumi.
You disappear in the park
like some sort of magic.
You plot in your rooms.
-Hey, it's not a crime.
-Maybe not.
Now you listen up.
One of these days I'm gonna find out
what the four of you are hiding.
And now, to the cafeteria. Hurry up!
-[grunts]
-[tense music]
[Ulrich] You know what I think?
We'd better be careful about Jim.
If he keeps playing detective,
he's gonna find our secret passage.
[Yumi] Hey!
Hey guys. Great news!
My parents said okay.
So did the principal.
Odd, that was a pretty good letter
you faked from your parents.
I can't say I'm proud of what I did,
but it was for a good cause.
[phone ringing]
-Oh! Jeremy, what's up?
-[Odd] Huh?
Okay, be right there.
[footsteps running]
[theme music]
[digital whirring]
[computer keys clatter]
[beeping]
[Jeremy gasps] Hmm.
That's it. We've got it this time!
It works!
I can hardly believe it!
[all cheering]
[student] It's fantastic.
you can find any kind of music you want.
[student 2] I can't wait for a vacation.
Wow!
-[student 3] You're not the only one!
-[Jim grunts]
Hey, Sissi, have you seen Ulrich
and his gang this morning?
Well, yeah.
Where? In the cafeteria?
No, I saw them going to their rooms, Jim.
Yeah? Thanks for the tip.
It is pretty strange
to go their rooms at this hour.
I said to myself, "why would they be
in their rooms now,
with someone who isn't even a boarder?"
You mean Yumi Ishiyama is with them?
-[Sissi nods]
-[Jim grunts]
You're meaner than I thought.
[giggles]
Okay, tell me what the good news is?
Aelita, I don't know how to tell you this,
but believe it or not,
we're waiting for you here.
-Really?
-[all] Really!
-The materialization's gonna work?
-[Jeremy] Yep.
It's all in here, and I can tell you
it was really complicated.
Defragmenting the inertial matrix
wasn't enough,
and so I had to start to recompile
all of the DNA correlations...
-[Odd] Time out, Einstein.
-[Jeremy] Hmm?
[yawns]
To make a long story short, it works!
Oh Jeremy, that's so great!
I can't believe it's true!
Better get used to it fast,
because it's time to take the big jump.
And then, it's bye-bye, XANA!
Hold on.
-[Odd] Oh?
-It's not that simple.
First, I've got to set up the program
in the super calculator.
Then Aelita will have to get to the
passage tower in Lyoko's forest region.
That's where she's gonna get devirtualized
before she appears
in the flesh for the first time
inside one of the scanners.
In that case,
I'm off to the forest right now.
Okay.
And we'll go to class in the meantime,
and afterwards, the factory.
I'll see you later, my friends.
[Jeremy] We'll be five for dinner tonight!
[ethereal music]
[digital whirring and buzzing]
[zooming]
-[footsteps]
-[tense music]
[Jim] Hmm.
[Jeremy and Yumi grunt]
-[Jim grunts]
-[all yelp and grunt]
What's wrong?
Up to no good again, aren't you?
No, we were just studying together.
Oh, geez. My foot.
I've had enough of your lies, you hear?
We're gonna stay right here
until you guys tell me the truth.
-[Mr. Delmas] Jim?
-[grunts]
What is going on here?
I'm glad you're here, sir.
I dunno what's going on,
but these little devils are up to no good,
and I intend to find out what it is.
Yes, Jim, another one
of your absurd stories
about secret plots and passages.
What do you mean, absurd?
You heard what I said, absurd, Jim.
[grumbling] But...
Now listen,
your paranoid behavior
and your one track mind
concerning these children
are getting on my nerves.
You are a physical education teacher,
not a detective, Jim!
[Jim sighs]
[doors creaking]
[Jim grumbling]
What are you waiting for?
You have class now, so get going!
[panting]
There it is.
[theme music]
[Ms. Hertz] Animals live in all land,
air and sea regions,
thanks to their
varied respiratory organs...
It won't be long now.
[Mr. Klotz] And so, in Italian,
the noun, "città"
which of course means "city,"
is invariable.
Who can give me another example?
[panting]
[grunts]
[mechanical footsteps approaching]
Jeremy, I'm gonna need help.
[Ms. Hertz] When animals
and plants breathe, they take in oxygen
-and emit carbon dioxide.
-[tense music]
-Living beings with aquatic...
-What are you doing?
It's Aelita. She's in danger.
[Ms. Hertz] Obviously, this phenomenon
depends on certain factors.
Who can tell us which ones?
Jeremy?
Go ahead. We're listening.
[groans]
The frog!
[class laughing]
[school bell rings]
[indistinct chatter]
[odd panting]
Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me.
-[Mr. Klotz] Who would like to answer?
-[phone vibrates]
-[Mr. Delmas] Anybody?
-[phone beeps]
-[Ulrich] Yumi?
-Yes, Ulrich. What's new?
Yumi, come to the park. It's urgent.
[whispering] Okay, be right there.
Sir, can I please go to the infirmary?
[all panting]
Hmm hmm!
[pants and grunts]
[all panting]
-[Yumi] Mind telling me what's going on?
-[Jeremy] XANA's at it again.
He knows the end is near,
and he's not going down without a fight.
[panting]
[grunts]
[groans and huffs]
Hmm...
[grunting]
Huh?
-[Jim grunts]
-[sad trombone]
-[leaves rustle]
-[Jim grunts]
Hmm...
Where'd they go?
[theme music]
[yells]
[Odd and Jeremy grunt]
[Ulrich pants]
[Jeremy groans]
[Odd] Yeah!
[Ulrich howls and grunts]
[gate whirring]
[theme music]
Aelita, can you hear me?
It took you such a long time.
I'm at the passage tower,
but three Bloks won't even
let me get close.
[Jeremy groans]
Okay, I've got you localized.
Don't worry...
Help is on the way.
-Better hurry up.
-Once the coast is clear,
go to the center of the tower,
and I'll launch the program.
[Aelita sighs]
[Jeremy] I'm transferring you
to the forest region,
a little south of where Aelita is now.
Here we go.
I'm counting on you.
[hatch clanks]
[Jeremy] Transfer Yumi.
Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Odd.
Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Scanner Yumi.
Scanner Odd.
Virtualization.
[whooshing]
[digital crackling]
[Yumi grunts]
[Odd and Ulrich grunt]
[all panting]
[Ulrich] Okay Jeremy, we're here.
That's great.
Get ready, guys. I'm launching
the materialization program immediately.
[Odd singing on recording]
♪ Break, breakdance ♪
[Jeremy groans]
[Odd singing]
♪ Break, break, breakdance ♪
♪ Here we go
Break, break, breakdance ♪
♪ Break, break, breakdance
Oh, no! What've I done?
[Yumi] Problem Jeremy?
-I inserted the wrong CD.
-[Odd's recording continues]
One of Odd's dumb videos
instead of the program.
♪ Break, break, breakdance
Break, break, breakdance ♪
Here we go ♪
-[Jeremy] Stop!
-[music stops]
I've gotta go back to the dorm.
Okay, but hurry!
[Jeremy huffs and groans]
You made a video?
Well yeah. It's pretty good too.
[Ulrich] What's the title?
[Odd] ♪ Break, break, breakdance ♪
[whirring]
Okay, that's enough fooling around.
-We've got some cleaning up to do.
-[Odd and Ulrich] Sir, yes, sir!
[all panting]
[theme music]
[Jim] Okay, let's get started.
[clears throat]
[breathes in]
[tense music]
[groans] This time, I've got him.
Go!
-[all grunting]
-[lasers blasting]
-[Odd yells]
-[Yumi grunts]
[clank]
[Ulrich howls]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[explosion]
-[Yumi and Ulrich grunt]
-[Odd grunts]
This is too easy.
Aelita, the passage is clear. You can go.
Wow, just think,
this could be the last tower.
[Jeremy groaning]
[gasps]
[Jim grunts]
Playing hooky, huh?
[dithers] No, I left something in my room.
I…
-[Jim] Uh huh...
-[Jeremy] I, uh... I gotta go...
back to class now, Jim.
Not until you tell me what you've been
plotting since the beginning of the year.
And this time, the principal's
not here to come to your rescue!
-[Jeremy grunts]
-[Jim] Hmm.
[both] Hmm.
[both groan]
Oh! You miserable little brat! [grunts]
[both panting]
[Jim] Get back here! Oh!
Wait until I get my hands on you!
[grunts]
Jeremy stop! That's an order!
Hey!
[grunts]
-[Jeremy yells]
-[thud]
[Jim] Oh! Jeremy!
Oh, no!
[Jeremy groans]
-[yells and groans in pain]
-[thud]
Oh, my ankle!
-[Jim gasps]
-[girl 1] Are you crazy, Jim?
[girl 2] Hey, this is your fault!
[Jeremy] My ankle.
[groaning]
[Aelita] Jeremy, can you hear us?
Jeremy?
We're in the tower.
Jeremy!
[ethereal music]
[Aelita] Where can he be?
[Ulrich] 45 minutes is a long time
to go pick up a CD.
[Yumi] I sure hope
nothing happened to him.
[Odd] Come on! Stop being
so gloom and doom. Don't panic.
I'm sure everything's cool.
[rumbling]
[Dorothy] And now, does it still hurt?
No, it's okay now.
I can walk fine, Dorothy.
If there's one thing you'd better
not do yet, it's walk.
You'll have to wait a week
before putting that foot on the ground.
A week?
And if you complain, I won't give
you crutches to get around with.
[grumbles]
-[Mr. Delmas] Jim...
-[Dorothy gasps]
[Mr. Delmas] This time,
you've gone too far.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
This time your paranoia has
caused an accident.
I... I'm sorry, sir. I really am.
[Mr. Delmas] So am I, Jim.
-I'm going to have to let you go.
-[lightning cracks]
[Mr. Delmas' voice echoes] Let you go.
[screaming]
-[Mr. Delmas' voice echoes] Let you go.
-[Jim screaming]
-[lasers blast]
-[all yelling in confusion]
What was that?
[all gasping]
[piano music]
Can I go to the bathroom?
Sorry, the doctor insists
you stay off your feet.
I'll go and get you a basin.
[grumbles]
-[door creaks]
-[Jim clears throat]
Jeremy, listen, I...
I wanted to say I'm sorry.
I was so sure that you guys
were up to something...
[inspired] Hmm...
...that I guess I got
carried away a little.
[Jeremy] Uh...
[Jim] I deserve to get fired.
I went a little crazy
'cause I thought you and your friends
were hiding a lot of secrets.
Anyway...
I'm gonna miss you guys.
-Hold on a second, Jim.
-[Jim] Hmm?
You're, um, not as crazy as you think.
[puzzled] Huh?
My friends and I, we do have a secret.
But that means I was right after all.
Let's hear it.
Look Jim, if you help me,
I'll tell the principal everything.
You'll be off the hook, and he's bound
to give you your job back, right?
[Jim] Hmm?
Great. Shake on it.
[Jeremy nods]
[laser blasts]
Go!
[clink]
[Odd grunts]
[door creaks]
I've got your basin. [gasps]
-[tense music]
-[birds chirping]
[panting]
-[both panting]
-Over there, behind the oak tree.
-[Jim grunts]
-[Jeremy] Stop!
-Huh?
-In front of you.
[Jim] Oh...
[laughs] Yeah!
I was right! I was right!
[metallic scraping]
[gasps]
I was right! I was right!
[theme music]
[panting]
[groans]
Take that!
Oh, no!
And this super powerful virtual thing
called XANA wants to destroy us.
Only Aelita can deactivate the towers.
And our job is to help her
as much as we can.
And she's on this place called... "Loco"?
No, it's "Lyoko."
[Jim] Hmm.
[whirring]
[Jeremy] The only way to destroy XANA
is to unplug him.
But first, we have to materialize Aelita,
and that's what we're gonna do today.
[whirring]
[Jeremy] Here we are.
[mechanisms whirring and clanking]
[Jim] Woah!
[Jim grunts]
Well, what do you know!
Who'd have believed it?
[action music]
-[laser blasts]
-[Odd grunts]
Aelita! Is everything okay?
Jeremy, at last!
What happened to you?
[Jeremy] It's a long story, too long,
but I've got the program.
Now, let's cross our fingers
and hope it works okay.
I'm launching it.
Follow me, Odd.
[Yumi grunts]
-[laser blasts]
-[Yumi groans]
[Yumi] Oh, no!
[yelling]
[grunts]
Take that!
[Odd groans]
[gasping]
[whimpers]
Okay Ulrich, it's up to you.
Hey, you piece of junk!
Nobody messes with my friends!
Triangulate!
Go on Ulrich, get him!
Show this XANA thing who's the boss!
-[Odd] Jeremy, Ulrich is...
-[Yumi gasps]
Jim?
Yeah, it's Jim. Don't worry.
He's one of the gang now.
[both gasp]
-[laser blasts]
-[Ulrich yells]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[Ulrich groans and howls]
Impact!
Yes!
[grunts]
-[explosion]
-[Ulrich grunts]
-[swooshing]
[Jeremy] Ulrich, watch out behind you!
Huh?
[grunts]
[Jeremy] You've gotta protect the tower.
[laser blasts]
[gasps] The tower's
not gonna hold much longer.
[Jeremy] Leave it to Ulrich.
-[laser blasts]
-[Ulrich grunts]
[straining]
[Ulrich groans]
[Jeremy] Hold on, Ulrich,
just a few more seconds.
-[Ulrich groans]
-I'm almost ready, Aelita.
Get into position on the platform.
Okay. Well, ready to take the big jump?
-[Ulrich groans]
-Ready.
[Ulrich straining]
Then here we go.
Code Earth.
[straining and grunting]
[ethereal music]
-[digital whirring]
-[all gasping]
[swoosh]
[theme music]
[hatch zooming]
[all gasping]
She's here at last!
Welcome to Earth!
[all cheering]
[theme music]